---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_administrative_account Data Source - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Describes a Administrative Account.
---

# pingfederate_administrative_account (Data Source)

Describes a Administrative Account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_administrative_account" "myAdministrativeAccount" {
  username = "data-source-example"
  password = "2FederateM0re"
  roles    = ["USER_ADMINISTRATOR"]
}

data "pingfederate_administrative_account" "myAdministrativeAccount" {
  id = pingfederate_administrative_account.myAdministrativeAccount.username
}
resource "pingfederate_administrative_account" "administrativeAccountExample" {
  username = "${data.pingfederate_administrative_account.myAdministrativeAccount.id}-new"
  password = "2FederateM0re"
  roles    = ["USER_ADMINISTRATOR"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Computed attribute tied to the username property of this resource

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the account is active or not.
- `auditor` (Boolean) Indicates whether the account belongs to an Auditor. An Auditor has View-only permissions for all administrative functions. An Auditor cannot have any administrative roles.
- `department` (String) The Department name of account user.
- `description` (String) Description of the account.
- `email_address` (String) Email address associated with the account.
- `encrypted_password` (String) For GET requests, this field contains the encrypted account password. For POST and PUT requests, if you wish to re-use the password from an API response to this endpoint, this field should be passed back unchanged.
- `password` (String) Password for the Account. This field is only applicable during a POST operation.
- `phone_number` (String) Phone number associated with the account.
- `roles` (Set of String) Roles available for an administrator. USER_ADMINISTRATOR - Can create, deactivate or delete accounts and reset passwords. Additionally, install replacement license keys. CRYPTO_ADMINISTRATOR - Can manage local keys and certificates. ADMINISTRATOR - Can configure partner connections and most system settings (except the management of native accounts and the handling of local keys and certificates. EXPRESSION_ADMINISTRATOR - Can add and update OGNL expressions.
- `username` (String) Username for the Administrative Account.
