---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_connection_metadata_export Data Source - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pingfederate_connection_metadata_export (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingfederate_connection_metadata_export" "metadataExport" {
  connection_type = "SP"
  connection_id   = "mySpConnection"
  signing_settings = {
    signing_key_pair_ref = {
      id = "mySigningKeyId"
    }
    algorithm = "SHA512withRSA"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the connection to export.
- `connection_type` (String) The type of connection to export.

### Optional

- `signing_settings` (Attributes) The signing settings to sign the metadata with. If null, the metadata will not be signed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_settings))
- `use_secondary_port_for_soap` (Boolean) If PingFederate's secondary SSL port is configured and you want to use it for the SOAP channel, set to true. If client-certificate authentication is configured for the SOAP channel, the secondary port is required and this must be set to true.
- `virtual_host_name` (String) The virtual host name to be used as the base url.
- `virtual_server_id` (String) The virtual server ID to export the metadata with. If null, the connection's default will be used.

### Read-Only

- `exported_connection_metadata` (String) The exported SAML metadata.

<a id="nestedatt--signing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_settings`

Required:

- `signing_key_pair_ref` (Attributes) The ID of the key pair used to sign messages sent to this partner. The ID of the key pair is also known as the alias and can be found by viewing the corresponding certificate under 'Signing & Decryption Keys & Certificates' in the PingFederate admin console. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_settings--signing_key_pair_ref))

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm used to sign messages sent to this partner. The default is SHA1withDSA for DSA certs, SHA256withRSA for RSA certs, and SHA256withECDSA for EC certs. For RSA certs, SHA1withRSA, SHA384withRSA, SHA512withRSA, SHA256withRSAandMGF1, SHA384withRSAandMGF1 and SHA512withRSAandMGF1 are also supported. For EC certs, SHA384withECDSA and SHA512withECDSA are also supported. If the connection is WS-Federation with JWT token type, then the possible values are RSA SHA256, RSA SHA384, RSA SHA512, RSASSA-PSS SHA256, RSASSA-PSS SHA384, RSASSA-PSS SHA512, ECDSA SHA256, ECDSA SHA384, ECDSA SHA512
- `include_cert_in_signature` (Boolean) Determines whether the signing certificate is included in the signature element.
- `include_raw_key_in_signature` (Boolean) Determines whether the element with the raw public key is included in the signature element.

<a id="nestedatt--signing_settings--signing_key_pair_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_settings.signing_key_pair_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.
