---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_license Data Source - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a License.
---

# pingfederate_license (Data Source)

Manages a License.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingfederate = {
      version = "~> 0.0.1"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingfederate"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingfederate" {
  username               = "administrator"
  password               = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host             = "https://localhost:9999"
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

resource "pingfederate_license" "myLicense" {
  # this property needs to contain base64 encoded value of your license.
  file_data = ""
}

data "pingfederate_license" "myLicense" {
  # this property needs to contain base64 encoded value of your license.
  file_data = pingfederate_license.myLicense.file_data
}
resource "pingfederate_license" "licenseExample" {
  # this property needs to contain base64 encoded value of your license.
  file_data = "${data.pingfederate_license.myLicense.file_data}2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `bridge_mode` (Boolean) Indicates whether license agreement has been accepted. The default value is false.
- `enforcement_type` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `expiration_date` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `features` (Attributes Set) The subject alternative names (SAN) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features))
- `grace_period` (Number) The public key size
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of a license.
- `issue_date` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `license_groups` (Attributes Set) The subject alternative names (SAN) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--license_groups))
- `max_connections` (Number) The public key size
- `name` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `node_limit` (Number) The public key size
- `oauth_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether license agreement has been accepted. The default value is false.
- `organization` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `product` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `provisioning_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether license agreement has been accepted. The default value is false.
- `tier` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `used_connections` (Number) The public key size
- `version` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `ws_trust_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether license agreement has been accepted. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the local identity authentication source. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `value` (String) The public key size


<a id="nestedatt--license_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `license_groups`

Read-Only:

- `connection_count` (Number) The public key size
- `end_date` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the local identity authentication source. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `name` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the local identity authentication source. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `start_date` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the local identity authentication source. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
