---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager Data Source - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages OAuth Access Token Manager
---

# pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager (Data Source)

Manages OAuth Access Token Manager

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingfederate_oauth_access_token_manager" "myOauthAccessTokenManager" {
  custom_id = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_id` (String) The ID of the plugin instance. The ID cannot be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.

### Read-Only

- `access_control_settings` (Attributes) Settings which determine which clients may access this token manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_settings))
- `attribute_contract` (Attributes) The list of attributes that will be added to an access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_contract))
- `configuration` (Attributes) Plugin instance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `id` (String) The ID of the plugin instance. The ID cannot be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.
- `name` (String) The plugin instance name. The name can be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.
- `parent_ref` (Attributes) The reference to this plugin's parent instance. The parent reference is only accepted if the plugin type supports parent instances. Note: This parent reference is required if this plugin instance is used as an overriding plugin (e.g. connection adapter overrides) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent_ref))
- `plugin_descriptor_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the plugin descriptor for this instance. The plugin descriptor cannot be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plugin_descriptor_ref))
- `selection_settings` (Attributes) Settings which determine how this token manager can be selected for use by an OAuth request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--selection_settings))
- `sequence_number` (Number) Number added to an access token to identify which Access Token Manager issued the token.
- `session_validation_settings` (Attributes) Settings which determine how the user session is associated with the access token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--session_validation_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_settings`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_clients` (Attributes List) If 'restrictClients' is true, this field defines the list of OAuth clients that are allowed to access the token manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_settings--allowed_clients))
- `inherited` (Boolean) If this token manager has a parent, this flag determines whether access control settings are inherited from the parent. When set to true, the other fields in this model become read-only. The default value is false.
- `restrict_clients` (Boolean) Determines whether access to this token manager is restricted to specific OAuth clients. If false, the 'allowedClients' field is ignored. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_settings--allowed_clients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_settings.allowed_clients`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.



<a id="nestedatt--attribute_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract`

Read-Only:

- `core_attributes` (Attributes List) A list of core token attributes that are associated with the access token management plugin type. This field is read-only and is ignored on POST/PUT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_contract--core_attributes))
- `default_subject_attribute` (String) Default subject attribute to use for audit logging when validating the access token. Blank value means to use USER_KEY attribute value after grant lookup.
- `extended_attributes` (Attributes List) A list of additional token attributes that are associated with this access token management plugin instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_contract--extended_attributes))
- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this attribute contract is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the rest of the properties in this model become read-only. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_contract--core_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract.core_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `multi_valued` (Boolean) Indicates whether attribute value is always returned as an array.
- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--attribute_contract--extended_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract.extended_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `multi_valued` (Boolean) Indicates whether attribute value is always returned as an array.
- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Attributes List) List of configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--fields))
- `tables` (Attributes List) List of configuration tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.fields`

Read-Only:

- `encrypted_value` (String) For encrypted or hashed fields, this attribute contains the encrypted representation of the field's value, if a value is defined.
- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this table is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the rows become read-only. The default value is false.
- `name` (String) The name of the table.
- `rows` (Attributes List) List of table rows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows`

Read-Only:

- `default_row` (Boolean) Whether this row is the default.
- `fields` (Attributes List) The configuration fields in the row. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows--fields))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows.fields`

Read-Only:

- `encrypted_value` (String) For encrypted or hashed fields, this attribute contains the encrypted representation of the field's value, if a value is defined.
- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether this field is inherited from its parent instance. If true, the value/encrypted value properties become read-only. The default value is false.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute.





<a id="nestedatt--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedatt--plugin_descriptor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugin_descriptor_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedatt--selection_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selection_settings`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean) If this token manager has a parent, this flag determines whether selection settings, such as resource URI's, are inherited from the parent. When set to true, the other fields in this model become read-only. The default value is false.
- `resource_uris` (List of String) The list of base resource URI's which map to this token manager. A resource URI, specified via the 'aud' parameter, can be used to select a specific token manager for an OAuth request.


<a id="nestedatt--session_validation_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_validation_settings`

Read-Only:

- `check_session_revocation_status` (Boolean) Check the session revocation status when validating the access token.
- `check_valid_authn_session` (Boolean) Check for a valid authentication session when validating the access token.
- `include_session_id` (Boolean) Include the session identifier in the access token. Note that if any of the session validation features is enabled, the session identifier will already be included in the access tokens.
- `inherited` (Boolean) If this token manager has a parent, this flag determines whether session validation settings, such as checkValidAuthnSession, are inherited from the parent. When set to true, the other fields in this model become read-only. The default value is false.
- `update_authn_session_activity` (Boolean) Update authentication session activity when validating the access token.
