---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_oauth_server_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Describes the OAuth authorization server settings.
---

# pingfederate_oauth_server_settings (Data Source)

Describes the OAuth authorization server settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingfederate_oauth_server_settings" "myOauthAuthServerSettings" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `activation_code_check_mode` (String) Determines whether the user is prompted to enter or confirm the activation code after authenticating or before.
- `admin_web_service_pcv_ref` (Attributes) The password credential validator reference that is used for authenticating access to the OAuth Administrative Web Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_web_service_pcv_ref))
- `allow_unidentified_client_extension_grants` (Boolean) Allow unidentified clients to request extension grants.
- `allow_unidentified_client_ro_creds` (Boolean) Allow unidentified clients to request resource owner password credentials grants.
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String) The list of allowed origins.
- `approved_authorization_detail_attribute` (String) Attribute from the external consent adapter's contract, intended for storing approved authorization details returned by the external consent page.
- `approved_scopes_attribute` (String) Attribute from the external consent adapter's contract, intended for storing approved scopes returned by the external consent page.
- `atm_id_for_oauth_grant_management` (String) The ID of the Access Token Manager used for OAuth enabled grant management.
- `authorization_code_entropy` (Number) The authorization code entropy, in bytes.
- `authorization_code_timeout` (Number) The authorization code timeout, in seconds.
- `bypass_activation_code_confirmation` (Boolean) Indicates if the Activation Code Confirmation page should be bypassed if 'verification_url_complete' is used by the end user to authorize a device.
- `bypass_authorization_for_approved_consents` (Boolean) Bypass authorization for previously approved consents. Supported in PF version 12.0 or later.
- `bypass_authorization_for_approved_grants` (Boolean) Bypass authorization for previously approved persistent grants.
- `client_secret_retention_period` (Number) The length of time in minutes that client secrets will be retained as secondary secrets after secret change. The default value is 0, which will disable secondary client secret retention.
- `consent_lifetime_days` (Number) The consent lifetime in days. The default value is indefinite. -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time. Supported in PF version 12.0 or later.
- `default_scope_description` (String) The default scope description.
- `device_polling_interval` (Number) The amount of time client should wait between polling requests, in seconds.
- `disallow_plain_pkce` (Boolean) Determines whether PKCE's 'plain' code challenge method will be disallowed.
- `dpop_proof_enforce_replay_prevention` (Boolean) Determines whether Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) proof JWT replay prevention is enforced.
- `dpop_proof_lifetime_seconds` (Number) The lifetime, in seconds, of the Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) proof JWT.
- `dpop_proof_require_nonce` (Boolean) Determines whether nonce is required in the Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) proof JWT.
- `enable_cookieless_user_authorization_authentication_api` (Boolean) Indicates if cookies should be used for state tracking when the user authorization endpoint is operating in authentication API redirectless mode
- `exclusive_scope_groups` (Attributes Set) The list of exclusive scope groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclusive_scope_groups))
- `exclusive_scopes` (Attributes Set) The list of exclusive scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclusive_scopes))
- `include_issuer_in_authorization_response` (Boolean) Determines whether the authorization server's issuer value is added to the authorization response or not.
- `jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime, in seconds, of the JWT Secured authorization response.
- `offline_access_require_consent_prompt` (Boolean) Determines whether offline_access requires the prompt parameter value be 'consent' or not.
- `par_reference_length` (Number) The entropy of pushed authorization request references, in bytes.
- `par_reference_timeout` (Number) The timeout, in seconds, of the pushed authorization request reference.
- `par_status` (String) The status of pushed authorization request support.
- `pending_authorization_timeout` (Number) The 'device_code' and 'user_code' timeout, in seconds.
- `persistent_grant_contract` (Attributes) The persistent grant contract defines attributes that are associated with OAuth persistent grants. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract))
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout` (Number) The persistent grant idle timeout. `-1` indicates an indefinite amount of time.
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout_time_unit` (String) The persistent grant idle timeout time unit.
- `persistent_grant_lifetime` (Number) The persistent grant lifetime. `-1` indicates an indefinite amount of time.
- `persistent_grant_lifetime_unit` (String) The persistent grant lifetime unit.
- `persistent_grant_reuse_grant_types` (Set of String) The grant types that the OAuth AS can reuse rather than creating a new grant for each request. Only 'IMPLICIT' or 'AUTHORIZATION_CODE' or 'RESOURCE_OWNER_CREDENTIALS' are valid grant types.
- `refresh_rolling_interval` (Number) The minimum interval to roll refresh tokens.
- `refresh_rolling_interval_time_unit` (String) The refresh token rolling interval time unit.
- `refresh_token_length` (Number) The refresh token length in number of characters.
- `refresh_token_rolling_grace_period` (Number) The grace period that a rolled refresh token remains valid in seconds.
- `registered_authorization_path` (String) The Registered Authorization Path is concatenated to PingFederate base URL to generate 'verification_url' and 'verification_url_complete' values in a Device Authorization request. PingFederate listens to this path if specified
- `require_offline_access_scope_to_issue_refresh_tokens` (Boolean) Determines whether offline_access scope is required to issue refresh tokens or not.
- `return_id_token_on_open_id_with_device_authz_grant` (Boolean) Indicates if an ID token should be returned during the device authorization grant flow when the 'openid' scope is approved. The default is `false`. Supported in PF version `12.2` or later.
- `roll_refresh_token_values` (Boolean) The roll refresh token values default policy.
- `scope_for_oauth_grant_management` (String) The OAuth scope to validate when accessing grant management service.
- `scope_groups` (Attributes Set) The list of common scope groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_groups))
- `scopes` (Attributes Set) The list of common scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scopes))
- `token_endpoint_base_url` (String) The token endpoint base URL used to validate the 'aud' claim during Private Key JWT Client Authentication.
- `track_user_sessions_for_logout` (Boolean) Determines whether user sessions are tracked for logout. If this property is not provided on a PUT, the setting is left unchanged.
- `user_authorization_consent_adapter` (String) Adapter ID of the external consent adapter to be used for the consent page user interface.
- `user_authorization_consent_page_setting` (String) User Authorization Consent Page setting to use PingFederate's internal consent page or an external system
- `user_authorization_url` (String) The URL used to generate 'verification_url' and 'verification_url_complete' values in a Device Authorization request

<a id="nestedatt--admin_web_service_pcv_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_web_service_pcv_ref`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--exclusive_scope_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclusive_scope_groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope group.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope group.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The set of scopes for this scope group.


<a id="nestedatt--exclusive_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclusive_scopes`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope that appears when the user is prompted for authorization.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) True if the scope is dynamic.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope.


<a id="nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract`

Read-Only:

- `core_attributes` (Attributes Set) This is a read-only list of persistent grant attributes and includes USER_KEY and USER_NAME. Changes to this field will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--core_attributes))
- `extended_attributes` (Attributes Set) A list of additional attributes for the persistent grant contract. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--extended_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--core_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract.core_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--extended_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract.extended_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--scope_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope group.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope group.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The set of scopes for this scope group.


<a id="nestedatt--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scopes`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope that appears when the user is prompted for authorization.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) True if the scope is dynamic. (Defaults to false)
- `name` (String) The name of the scope.
