---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_password_credential_validator Data Source - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Describes a password credential validator plugin instance.
---

# pingfederate_password_credential_validator (Data Source)

Describes a password credential validator plugin instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingfederate_password_credential_validator" "myPasswordCredentialValidatorExample" {
  validator_id = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `validator_id` (String) The ID of the plugin instance. The ID cannot be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.

### Read-Only

- `attribute_contract` (Attributes) The list of attributes that the password credential validator provides. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_contract))
- `configuration` (Attributes) Plugin instance configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `id` (String) ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The plugin instance name. The name can be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override.
- `parent_ref` (Attributes) The reference to this plugin's parent instance. The parent reference is only accepted if the plugin type supports parent instances. Note: This parent reference is required if this plugin instance is used as an overriding plugin (e.g. connection adapter overrides) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent_ref))
- `plugin_descriptor_ref` (Attributes) Reference to the plugin descriptor for this instance. The plugin descriptor cannot be modified once the instance is created. Note: Ignored when specifying a connection's adapter override. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plugin_descriptor_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract`

Read-Only:

- `core_attributes` (Attributes List) A list of read-only attributes that are automatically populated by the password credential validator descriptor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_contract--core_attributes))
- `extended_attributes` (Attributes List) A list of additional attributes that can be returned by the password credential validator. The extended attributes are only used if the adapter supports them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_contract--extended_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_contract--core_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract.core_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--attribute_contract--extended_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_contract.extended_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Attributes List) List of configuration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--fields))
- `tables` (Attributes List) List of configuration tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.fields`

Read-Only:

- `encrypted_value` (String) For encrypted or hashed fields, this attribute contains the encrypted representation of the field's value, if a value is defined.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the table.
- `rows` (Attributes List) List of table rows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows`

Read-Only:

- `default_row` (Boolean) Whether this row is the default.
- `fields` (Attributes List) The configuration fields in the row. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows--fields))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tables--rows--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tables.rows.fields`

Read-Only:

- `encrypted_value` (String) For encrypted or hashed fields, this attribute contains the encrypted representation of the field's value, if a value is defined.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration field.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration field. For encrypted or hashed fields, GETs will not return this attribute.





<a id="nestedatt--parent_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_ref`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--plugin_descriptor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugin_descriptor_ref`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.
