---
page_title: "Provider: PingFederate"
description: |-
  The PingFederate provider is used to manage the configuration of a PingFederate server.
---

# PingFederate Provider

The PingFederate provider manages the configuration of a PingFederate server.

# Disclaimer - Provider in Development
The PingFederate Terraform provider is under active development. As such, consumers must have flexibility for breaking changes until the `1.0.0` release. When using the PingFederate Terraform Provider within an automated pipeline prior to `1.0.0`, it is recommended to pin the provider version similar to `version = "~> 0.5.0"` to avoid experiencing an unexpected pipeline failure as the result of a provider change. Enhancements, bug fixes, notes and breaking changes can be found on the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md). If issues are found, please raise a [github issue](https://github.com/pingidentity/terraform-provider-pingfederate/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug_report.md&title=) on this project.

## PingFederate Version Support

The PingFederate provider supports versions `11.2` through `12.0` of PingFederate.

## Documentation
Detailed documentation on PingFederate can be found in the [online docs](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingfederate-112/pf_pingfederate_landing_page)
### Example Usage of PingFederate Provider
```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingfederate = {
      version = "~> 0.5.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingfederate"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingfederate" {
  username                            = "administrator"
  password                            = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host                          = "https://localhost:9999"
  admin_api_path                      = "/pf-admin-api/v1"
  insecure_trust_all_tls              = true
  x_bypass_external_validation_header = true
  product_version                     = "12.0"
}

resource "pingfederate_administrative_account" "administrativeAccount" {
  username    = "example"
  description = "description"
  password    = "2FederateM0re"
  roles       = ["USER_ADMINISTRATOR"]
}
```

### Custom User Agent information

The PingFederate provider allows custom information to be appended to the default user agent string (that includes Terraform provider version information) by setting the `PINGFEDERATE_TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT` environment variable.  This can be useful when troubleshooting issues with Ping Identity Support, or adding context to HTTP requests.

```shell
export PINGFEDERATE_TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="Jenkins/2.426.2"
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access token for PingFederate Admin API. Cannot be used in conjunction with username and password, or oauth. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `admin_api_path` (String) Path for PingFederate Admin API. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_ADMIN_API_PATH` environment variable. If no value is supplied, the value used will be `/pf-admin-api/v1`.
- `ca_certificate_pem_files` (Set of String) Paths to files containing PEM-encoded certificates to be trusted as root CAs when connecting to the PingFederate server over HTTPS. If not set, the host's root CA set will be used. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_CA_CERTIFICATE_PEM_FILES` environment variable, using commas to delimit multiple PEM files if necessary.
- `https_host` (String) URI for PingFederate HTTPS port. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_HTTPS_HOST` environment variable.
- `insecure_trust_all_tls` (Boolean) Set to true to trust any certificate when connecting to the PingFederate server. This is insecure and should not be enabled outside of testing. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_INSECURE_TRUST_ALL_TLS` environment variable.
- `oauth` (Attributes) OAuth Client Credentials configuration for requesting access token. Cannot be used in conjunction with access_token, or username and password. Default values can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_OAUTH_*` environment variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oauth))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for PingFederate Admin user. Must only be set with username. Cannot be used in conjunction with access_token, or oauth.  Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `product_version` (String) Version of the PingFederate server being configured. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_PRODUCT_VERSION` environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username for PingFederate Admin user. Must only be set with password. Cannot be used in conjunction with access_token, or oauth. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_USERNAME` environment variable.
- `x_bypass_external_validation_header` (Boolean) Header value in request for PingFederate. The connection test will be bypassed when set to true. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_X_BYPASS_EXTERNAL_VALIDATION_HEADER` environment variable.

<a id="nestedatt--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) OAuth client ID for requesting access token. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth client secret for requesting access token. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `token_url` (String) OAuth token URL for requesting access token. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_OAUTH_TOKEN_URL` environment variable.

Optional:

- `scopes` (List of String) OAuth scopes for access token. Default value can be set with the `PINGFEDERATE_PROVIDER_OAUTH_SCOPES` environment variable.
