---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_administrative_account Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an administrative account.
---

# pingfederate_administrative_account (Resource)

Manages an administrative account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# WARNING! You will need to secure your state file properly when using this resource! #
# Please refer to the link below on how to best store state files and data within. #
# https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/best-practices/sensitive-state #

resource "pingfederate_administrative_account" "myAdministrativeAccount" {
  username    = "example"
  description = "description"
  password    = "2FederateM0re"
  roles       = ["USER_ADMINISTRATOR"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the Account. This field is only applicable during account creation.
- `roles` (Set of String) Roles available for an administrator. USER_ADMINISTRATOR - Can create, deactivate or delete accounts and reset passwords. Additionally, install replacement license keys. CRYPTO_ADMINISTRATOR - Can manage local keys and certificates. ADMINISTRATOR - Can configure partner connections and most system settings (except the management of native accounts and the handling of local keys and certificates. EXPRESSION_ADMINISTRATOR - Can add and update OGNL expressions.
- `username` (String) Username for the Administrative Account.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the account is active or not.
- `auditor` (Boolean) Indicates whether the account belongs to an Auditor. An Auditor has View-only permissions for all administrative functions. An Auditor cannot have any administrative roles.
- `department` (String) The Department name of the account user.
- `description` (String) Description of the account.
- `email_address` (String) Email address associated with the account.
- `phone_number` (String) Phone number associated with the account.

### Read-Only

- `encrypted_password` (String, Sensitive) Read-only attribute. This field holds the value returned from PingFederate and used for updating an existing Administrative Account.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "administrativeAccountId" should be the username of the Administrative Account to be imported
terraform import pingfederate_administrative_account.myAdministrativeAccount administrativeAccountId
```
