---
page_title: "pingfederate_certificates_group Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage certificates for a group.
---

# pingfederate_certificates_group (Resource)

Resource to create and manage certificates for a group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_certificates_group" "certGroup" {
  group_name = "MyGroup"
  file_data  = filebase64("path/to/my/certificate.pem")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_data` (String) The certificate data in PEM format. New line characters should be omitted or encoded in this value. This field is immutable and will trigger a replacement plan if changed.
- `group_name` (String) Name of the group to manage certificates for. This field is immutable and will trigger a replacement plan if changed.

### Optional

- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider. This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is true. Options are `LOCAL` or `HSM`. This field is immutable and will trigger a replacement plan if changed.
- `group_id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the certificate. It can be any combination of `[a-z0-9._-]`. This property is system-assigned if not specified. This field is immutable and will trigger a replacement plan if changed.

### Read-Only

- `expires` (String) The end date up until which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_dn` (String) The issuer's distinguished name.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The public key algorithm.
- `key_size` (Number) The public key size.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number assigned by the CA.
- `sha1_fingerprint` (String) SHA-1 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `sha256_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm.
- `status` (String) Status of the item.
- `subject_alternative_names` (List of String) The subject alternative names (SAN).
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject's distinguished name.
- `valid_from` (String) The start date from which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `version` (Number) The X.509 version to which the item conforms.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> "MyGroup/mygroupid" should be the group name followed by the group id to be imported, separated by '/'.

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_certificates_group.certGroup "MyGroup/mygroupid"
```