---
page_title: "pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages incoming proxy settings
---

# pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings (Resource)

Manages incoming proxy settings

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings" "incomingProxySettingsExample" {
  forwarded_ip_address_header_name  = "X-Forwarded-For"
  forwarded_ip_address_header_index = "FIRST"
  forwarded_host_header_name        = "X-Forwarded-Host"
  forwarded_host_header_index       = "LAST"
  client_cert_ssl_header_name       = "X-Client-Cert"
  client_cert_chain_ssl_header_name = "X-Client-Cert-Chain"
  proxy_terminates_https_conns      = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_cert_chain_ssl_header_name` (String) While the proxy server is configured to pass client certificates as HTTP request headers, specify the chain header name here.
- `client_cert_header_encoding_format` (String) Specify the encoding format of the client certificate header. The default value is `APACHE_MOD_SSL`. Supported values are `APACHE_MOD_SSL`, `NGINX`. Supported in PF version `12.2` and later.
- `client_cert_ssl_header_name` (String) While the proxy server is configured to pass client certificates as HTTP request headers, specify the header name here.
- `enable_client_cert_header_auth` (Boolean) Enable client certificate header authentication. Supported in PF version `12.2` and later.
- `forwarded_host_header_index` (String) PingFederate combines multiple comma-separated header values into the same order that they are received. Define which hostname you want to use. Default is to use the last hostname.
- `forwarded_host_header_name` (String) Globally specify the header name (for example, X-Forwarded-Host) where PingFederate should attempt to retrieve the hostname and port in all HTTP requests.
- `forwarded_ip_address_header_index` (String) PingFederate combines multiple comma-separated header values into the same order that they are received. Define which IP address you want to use. Default is to use the last address.
- `forwarded_ip_address_header_name` (String) Globally specify the header name (for example, X-Forwarded-For) where PingFederate should attempt to retrieve the client IP address in all HTTP requests.
- `proxy_terminates_https_conns` (Boolean) Allows you to globally specify that connections to the reverse proxy are made over HTTPS even when HTTP is used between the reverse proxy and PingFederate. Default value is `false`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_incoming_proxy_settings.incomingProxySettings id
```