---
page_title: "pingfederate_kerberos_realm Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage a Kerberos Realm
---

# pingfederate_kerberos_realm (Resource)

Resource to create and manage a Kerberos Realm

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_kerberos_realm" "kerberos_realm" {
  realm_id            = "myKerberosRealm"
  kerberos_realm_name = "My Kerberos Realm"
  kerberos_username   = var.kerberos_realm_username
  kerberos_password   = var.kerberos_realm_password
  connection_type     = "DIRECT"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kerberos_realm_name` (String) The Domain/Realm name used for display in UI screens.

### Optional

- `connection_type` (String) Controls how PingFederate connects to the Active Directory/Kerberos Realm. Options are `DIRECT`, `LDAP_GATEWAY`, `LOCAL_VALIDATION`. The default is `DIRECT`. `LOCAL_VALIDATION` only supported in PF version `12.2` or later.
- `kerberos_encrypted_password` (String) The encrypted Domain/Realm password. Required when `connection_type` is `DIRECT` or `LOCAL_VALIDATION`. Only one of this attribute and 'kerberos_password' should be specified.
- `kerberos_password` (String, Sensitive) The Domain/Realm password. Required when `connection_type` is `DIRECT` or `LOCAL_VALIDATION`. Only one of this attribute and 'kerberos_encrypted_password' should be specified.
- `kerberos_username` (String) The Domain/Realm username. Required when `connection_type` is `DIRECT` or `LOCAL_VALIDATION`.
- `key_distribution_centers` (Set of String) The Domain Controller/Key Distribution Center Host Action Names. Only applicable when `connection_type` is `DIRECT`.
- `ldap_gateway_data_store_ref` (Attributes) The LDAP gateway used by PingFederate to communicate with the Active Directory. Required when `connection_type` is `LDAP_GATEWAY`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldap_gateway_data_store_ref))
- `realm_id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the Kerberos Realm. It can be any combination of `[a-zA-Z0-9._-]`. This field is immutable and will trigger a replacement plan if changed.
- `retain_previous_keys_on_password_change` (Boolean) Determines whether the previous encryption keys are retained when the password is updated. Retaining the previous keys allows existing Kerberos tickets to continue to be validated. The default is `false`. Only applicable when `connection_type` is `DIRECT` or `LOCAL_VALIDATION`.
- `suppress_domain_name_concatenation` (Boolean) Controls whether the KDC hostnames and the realm name are concatenated in the auto-generated `krb5.conf` file. Only applicable when `connection_type` is `DIRECT`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--ldap_gateway_data_store_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap_gateway_data_store_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> "realm_id" should be the id of the Kerberos Realm to be imported

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_kerberos_realm.kerberos_realm realm_id
```