---
page_title: "pingfederate_keypairs_oauth_openid_connect_additional_key_set Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pingfederate_keypairs_oauth_openid_connect_additional_key_set (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_keypairs_oauth_openid_connect_additional_key_set" "keypairsOAuthOpenIDConnectAdditionalKeySet" {
  set_id = "my-key-set"
  issuers = [
    {
      id = "issuer-id"
    }
  ]
  name = "My Key Set"
  signing_keys = {
    rsa_active_cert_ref = {
      id = "rsaactive"
    }
    rsa_previous_cert_ref = {
      id = "rsaprevious"
    }
    rsa_publish_x5c_parameter = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `issuers` (Attributes List) A list of virtual issuers that will use the current key set. Once assigned to a key set, the same virtual issuer cannot be assigned to another key set instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issuers))
- `name` (String) The key set name.
- `signing_keys` (Attributes) Setting for a OAuth/OpenID Connect signing key set while using multiple virtual issuers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the key set.
- `set_id` (String) The unique ID for the key set. It can be any combination of [a-zA-Z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.

<a id="nestedatt--issuers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issuers`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys`

Required:

- `rsa_active_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_active_cert_ref))

Optional:

- `p256_active_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--p256_active_cert_ref))
- `p256_active_key_id` (String) Key Id for currently active P-256 key.
- `p256_previous_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--p256_previous_cert_ref))
- `p256_previous_key_id` (String) Key Id for previously active P-256 key.
- `p256_publish_x5c_parameter` (Boolean) Enable publishing of the P-256 certificate chain associated with the active key.
- `p384_active_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--p384_active_cert_ref))
- `p384_active_key_id` (String) Key Id for currently active P-384 key.
- `p384_previous_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--p384_previous_cert_ref))
- `p384_previous_key_id` (String) Key Id for previously active P-384 key.
- `p384_publish_x5c_parameter` (Boolean) Enable publishing of the P-384 certificate chain associated with the active key.
- `p521_active_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--p521_active_cert_ref))
- `p521_active_key_id` (String) Key Id for currently active P-521 key.
- `p521_previous_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--p521_previous_cert_ref))
- `p521_previous_key_id` (String) Key Id for previously active P-521 key.
- `p521_publish_x5c_parameter` (Boolean) Enable publishing of the P-521 certificate chain associated with the active key.
- `rsa_active_key_id` (String) Key Id for currently active RSA key.
- `rsa_algorithm_active_key_ids` (Attributes List) PingFederate uses the same RSA key for all RSA signing algorithms. To enable active RSA JWK entry to have unique single valued ''alg'' parameter, use this list to set a key identifier for each RSA algorithm (RS256, RS384, RS512, PS256, PS384 and PS512). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_algorithm_active_key_ids))
- `rsa_algorithm_previous_key_ids` (Attributes List) PingFederate uses the same RSA key for all RSA signing algorithms. To enable previously active RSA JWK entry to have unique single valued ''alg'' parameter, use this list to set a key identifier for each RSA algorithm (RS256, RS384, RS512, PS256, PS384 and PS512). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_algorithm_previous_key_ids))
- `rsa_previous_cert_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_previous_cert_ref))
- `rsa_previous_key_id` (String) Key Id for previously active RSA key.
- `rsa_publish_x5c_parameter` (Boolean) Enable publishing of the RSA certificate chain associated with the active key.

<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_active_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.rsa_active_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--p256_active_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.p256_active_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--p256_previous_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.p256_previous_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--p384_active_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.p384_active_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--p384_previous_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.p384_previous_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--p521_active_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.p521_active_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--p521_previous_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.p521_previous_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_algorithm_active_key_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.rsa_algorithm_active_key_ids`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) Unique key identifier.
- `rsa_alg_type` (String) The RSA signing algorithm type. The supported RSA signing algorithm types are RS256, RS384, RS512, PS256, PS384 and PS512.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_algorithm_previous_key_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.rsa_algorithm_previous_key_ids`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) Unique key identifier.
- `rsa_alg_type` (String) The RSA signing algorithm type. The supported RSA signing algorithm types are RS256, RS384, RS512, PS256, PS384 and PS512.


<a id="nestedatt--signing_keys--rsa_previous_cert_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signing_keys.rsa_previous_cert_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> "keySetId" should be the id of the Additional Key Set to be imported

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_keypairs_oauth_openid_connect_additional_key_set.keypairsOAuthOpenIDConnectAdditionalKeySet keySetId
```