---
page_title: "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage signing key pairs.
---

# pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key (Resource)

Resource to create and manage signing key pairs.

## Example Usage - importing existing key

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key" "signingKey" {
  file_data = filebase64("./assets/signingkey.p12")
  password  = var.signing_key_password
  format    = "PKCS12"
}
```

## Example Usage - generate key

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key" "signingKeyGenerate" {
  common_name               = "AuthSigning"
  subject_alternative_names = ["bxretail.org", "192.168.0.1"]

  organization      = "BXRetail"
  organization_unit = "Auth Services"

  city    = "Austin"
  state   = "Texas"
  country = "US"

  key_algorithm       = "RSA"
  key_size            = 2048
  signature_algorithm = "SHA256withRSA"

  valid_days = 365
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `city` (String) City for generating the key pair. Optional if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `common_name` (String) Common name for key pair subject. Required if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `country` (String) Country for generating the key pair. Required if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider. This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is true. Supported values are `LOCAL` and `HSM`. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `file_data` (String) Base-64 encoded PKCS12 or PEM file data. In the case of PEM, the raw (non-base-64) data is also accepted. In BCFIPS mode, only PEM with PBES2 and AES or Triple DES encryption is accepted and 128-bit salt is required. If not configured, the new key will be generated. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `format` (String) Key pair file format. If specified, this field will control what file format is expected, otherwise the format will be auto-detected. In BCFIPS mode, only `PEM` is supported. Supported values are `PKCS12` and `PEM`. Can only be configured if `file_data` is set. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The public key algorithm. Required if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed. Typically supported values are `RSA` and `EC`.
- `key_id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the certificate. It can be any combination of `[a-z0-9._-]`. This property is system-assigned if not specified. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `key_size` (Number) The public key size, in bits. Can only be configured if `file_data` is not set. If not configured and `file_data` is not set, then the default size for the key algorithm will be used. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed. Typically supported values are `256`, `384`, and `521` for EC keys and `1024`, `2048`, and `4096` for RSA keys.
- `organization` (String) Organization for generating the key pair. Optional if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `organization_unit` (String) Organization unit for generating the key pair. Optional if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the file. In BCFIPS mode, the password must be at least 14 characters. Must be configured if `file_data` is set, otherwise cannot be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm. Can only be configured if `file_data` is not set. If not configured and `file_data` is not set, then the default signature algorithm for the key algorithm will be used. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed. Typically supported values are `SHA256withECDSA`, `SHA384withECDSA`, and `SHA512withECDSA` for EC keys, and `SHA256withRSA`, `SHA384withRSA`, and `SHA512withRSA` for RSA keys.
- `state` (String) State for generating the key pair. Optional if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) The subject alternative names (SAN). In PingFederate 13.0 and later, these names may be automatically formatted by the server. Formatted names will be stored in the computed `formatted_subject_alternative_names` attribute. Cannot be configured if `file_data` is set. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `valid_days` (Number) Number of days the key pair will be valid for. Required if `file_data` is not set, otherwise can't be configured. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Read-Only

- `expires` (String) The end date up until which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC)
- `formatted_subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) The subject alternative names (SAN), formatted if necessary by PingFederate versions 13.0 and later.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_dn` (String) The issuer's distinguished name
- `rotation_settings` (Attributes) The local identity profile data store configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rotation_settings))
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number assigned by the CA
- `sha1_fingerprint` (String) SHA-1 fingerprint in Hex encoding
- `sha256_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 fingerprint in Hex encoding
- `status` (String) Status of the item.
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject's distinguished name
- `valid_from` (String) The start date from which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC). This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `version` (Number) The X.509 version to which the item conforms

<a id="nestedatt--rotation_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rotation_settings`

Read-Only:

- `activation_buffer_days` (Number) Buffer days before key pair expiration for activation of the new key pair.
- `creation_buffer_days` (Number) Buffer days before key pair expiration for creation of a new key pair.
- `id` (String) The base DN to search from. If not specified, the search will start at the LDAP's root.
- `key_algorithm` (String) Key algorithm to be used while creating a new key pair. If this property is unset, the key algorithm of the original key pair will be used. Supported algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `key_size` (Number) Key size, in bits. If this property is unset, the key size of the original key pair will be used. Supported key sizes are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Required if the original key pair used SHA1 algorithm. If this property is unset, the default signature algorithm of the original key pair will be used. Supported signature algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `valid_days` (Number) Valid days for the new key pair to be created. If this property is unset, the validity days of the original key pair will be used.
