---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_keypairs_ssl_server_csr Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage CSR responses for SSL server key pairs.
---

# pingfederate_keypairs_ssl_server_csr (Resource)

Resource to create and manage CSR responses for SSL server key pairs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_keypairs_ssl_server_key" "sslServerKey" {
  file_data = filebase64("./assets/sslserverkey.p12")
  password  = var.ssl_server_key_password
  format    = "PKCS12"
}

resource "pingfederate_keypairs_ssl_server_csr" "example" {
  keypair_id = pingfederate_keypairs_ssl_server_key.sslServerKey.id
  file_data  = filebase64("./path/to/csr_response.pem")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_data` (String) The CSR response file data in PKCS7 format or as an X.509 certificate. PEM encoding (with or without the header and footer lines) is required. New line characters should be omitted or encoded in this value.
- `keypair_id` (String) The id of the key pair.

### Read-Only

- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider. This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is `true`. Options are `LOCAL` or `HSM`.
- `expires` (String) The end date up until which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_dn` (String) The issuer's distinguished name.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The public key algorithm.
- `key_size` (Number) The public key size.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number assigned by the CA.
- `sha1_fingerprint` (String) SHA-1 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `sha256_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm.
- `status` (String) Status of the item.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) The subject alternative names (SAN).
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject's distinguished name.
- `valid_from` (String) The start date from which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `version` (Number) The X.509 version to which the item conforms.
