---
page_title: "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key_rotation_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage a keypairs signing key rotation settings.
---

# pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key_rotation_settings (Resource)

Resource to create and manage a keypairs signing key rotation settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key" "signingKey" {
  key_id    = "signingkey"
  file_data = filebase64("./assets/signingkey.p12")
  password  = var.signing_key_password
  format    = "PKCS12"
}

resource "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key_rotation_settings" "keyRotationSettings" {
  key_pair_id            = pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key.signingKey.key_id
  activation_buffer_days = 90
  creation_buffer_days   = 180
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `activation_buffer_days` (Number) Buffer days before key pair expiration for activation of the new key pair. Must be less than or equal to `creation_buffer_days`.
- `creation_buffer_days` (Number) Buffer days before key pair expiration for creation of a new key pair. Must be greater than or equal to `activation_buffer_days`.
- `key_pair_id` (String) ID of the key pair to retrieve its rotation settings.

### Optional

- `key_algorithm` (String) Key algorithm to be used while creating a new key pair. If this property is unset, the key algorithm of the original key pair will be used. Supported algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint. Typically supported values are `RSA` and `EC`.
- `key_size` (Number) Key size, in bits. If this property is unset, the key size of the original key pair will be used. Supported key sizes are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint. Typically supported values are `256`, `384`, and `521` for EC keys and `1024`, `2048`, and `4096` for RSA keys.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Required if the original key pair used SHA1 algorithm. If this property is unset, the default signature algorithm of the original key pair will be used. Supported signature algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint. Typically supported values are `SHA256withECDSA`, `SHA384withECDSA`, and `SHA512withECDSA` for EC keys, and `SHA256withRSA`, `SHA384withRSA`, and `SHA512withRSA` for RSA keys.
- `valid_days` (Number) Valid days for the new key pair to be created. If this property is unset, the validity days of the original key pair will be used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> "keyid" should be the id of the Signing Key Pair whose Rotation Settings should be imported

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_keypairs_signing_key_rotation_settings.keyRotationSettings keyid
```