---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_csr Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage CSR responses for signing key pairs.
---

# pingfederate_keypairs_signing_csr (Resource)

Resource to create and manage CSR responses for signing key pairs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_keypairs_signing_csr" "csrResponse" {
  keypair_id = "mysigningkeypair"
  file_data  = filebase64("./path/to/csr_response.pem")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_data` (String) The certificate data in PEM format. New line characters should be omitted or encoded in this value.
- `keypair_id` (String) The id of the key pair.

### Read-Only

- `crypto_provider` (String) Cryptographic Provider. This is only applicable if Hybrid HSM mode is `true`. Options are `LOCAL` or `HSM`.
- `expires` (String) The end date up until which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_dn` (String) The issuer's distinguished name.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The public key algorithm.
- `key_size` (Number) The public key size.
- `rotation_settings` (Attributes) Key pair rotation settings. Only applicable to self-signed signing key pairs. Automatic key rotation is not currently available for SSL client or SSL server key pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rotation_settings))
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number assigned by the CA.
- `sha1_fingerprint` (String) SHA-1 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `sha256_fingerprint` (String) SHA-256 fingerprint in Hex encoding.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm.
- `status` (String) Status of the item.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) The subject alternative names (SAN).
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject's distinguished name.
- `valid_from` (String) The start date from which the item is valid, in ISO 8601 format (UTC).
- `version` (Number) The X.509 version to which the item conforms.

<a id="nestedatt--rotation_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rotation_settings`

Read-Only:

- `activation_buffer_days` (Number) Buffer days before key pair expiration for activation of the new key pair.
- `creation_buffer_days` (Number) Buffer days before key pair expiration for creation of a new key pair.
- `id` (String) The ID of the key pair rotation settings.
- `key_algorithm` (String) Key algorithm to be used while creating a new key pair. If this property is unset, the key algorithm of the original key pair will be used. Supported algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `key_size` (Number) Key size, in bits. If this property is unset, the key size of the original key pair will be used. Supported key sizes are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Required if the original key pair used SHA1 algorithm. If this property is unset, the default signature algorithm of the original key pair will be used. Supported signature algorithms are available through the /keyPairs/keyAlgorithms endpoint.
- `valid_days` (Number) Valid days for the new key pair to be created.
