---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_license Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a license summary object.
---

# pingfederate_license (Resource)

Manages a license summary object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_license" "license" {
  file_data = file("/path/to/license")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_data` (String) The license file data. This field is immutable and will trigger a replacement plan if changed.

### Read-Only

- `bridge_mode` (Boolean) Indicates whether this license is a bridge license or not.
- `enforcement_type` (String) The enforcement type is a 3-bit binary value, expressed as a decimal digit. The bits from left to right are: 1: Shutdown on expire. 2: Notify on expire. 4: Enforce minor version. if all three enforcements are active, the enforcement type will be 7 (1 + 2 + 4); if only the first two are active, you have an enforcement type of 3 (1 + 2).
- `expiration_date` (String) The expiration date value from the license file (if applicable).
- `features` (Attributes List) Other licence features, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features))
- `grace_period` (Number) Number of days provided as grace period, past the expiration date (if applicable).
- `issue_date` (String) The issue date value from the license file.
- `license_groups` (Attributes List) License connection groups, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--license_groups))
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum number of connections that can be created under this license (if applicable).
- `name` (String) Name of the person the license was issued to.
- `node_limit` (Number) Maximum number of clustered nodes allowed under this license (if applicable).
- `oauth_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether OAuth role is enabled for this license.
- `organization` (String) The organization value from the license file.
- `product` (String) The Ping Identity product value from the license file.
- `provisioning_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Provisioning role is enabled for this license.
- `tier` (String) The tier value from the license file. The possible values are FREE, PERPETUAL or SUBSCRIPTION.
- `used_connections` (Number) Number of used connections under this license.
- `version` (String) The Ping Identity product version from the license file.
- `ws_trust_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether WS-Trust role is enabled for this license.

<a id="nestedatt--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the license feature.
- `value` (String) The value of the license feature.


<a id="nestedatt--license_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `license_groups`

Read-Only:

- `connection_count` (Number) Maximum number of connections permitted under the group.
- `end_date` (String) End date for the group.
- `name` (String) Group name from the license file.
- `start_date` (String) Start date for the group.
