---
page_title: "pingfederate_oauth_client_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage the client settings.
---

# pingfederate_oauth_client_settings (Resource)

Resource to manage the client settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_oauth_client_registration_policy" "registrationPolicy" {
  policy_id = "myRegistrationPolicy"
  name      = "My client registration policy"

  plugin_descriptor_ref = {
    id = "com.pingidentity.pf.client.registration.ResponseTypesConstraintsPlugin"
  }

  configuration = {
    fields = [
      {
        name  = "code"
        value = "true"
      },
      {
        name  = "code id_token"
        value = "true"
      },
      {
        name  = "code id_token token"
        value = "true"
      },
      {
        name  = "code token"
        value = "true"
      },
      {
        name  = "id_token"
        value = "true"
      },
      {
        name  = "id_token token"
        value = "true"
      },
      {
        name  = "token"
        value = "true"
      }
    ]
  }
}

resource "pingfederate_oauth_client_settings" "oauthClientSettings" {
  dynamic_client_registration = {
    initial_access_token_scope = "urn:pingidentity:register-client"
    restrict_common_scopes     = false
    restricted_common_scopes   = []
    allowed_exclusive_scopes = [
      "urn:pingidentity:directory",
      "urn:pingidentity:scim"
    ]
    enforce_replay_prevention                = false
    require_signed_requests                  = false
    restrict_to_default_access_token_manager = false
    persistent_grant_expiration_type         = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    persistent_grant_idle_timeout_type       = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    client_cert_issuer_type                  = "NONE"
    refresh_rolling                          = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    refresh_token_rolling_interval_type      = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    policy_refs = [
      {
        id = pingfederate_oauth_client_registration_policy.registrationPolicy.id
      }
    ]
    device_flow_setting_type                        = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    require_proof_key_for_code_exchange             = false
    ciba_require_signed_requests                    = false
    ciba_polling_interval                           = 3
    rotate_registration_access_token                = true
    rotate_client_secret                            = true
    allow_client_delete                             = false
    refresh_token_rolling_grace_period_type         = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    retain_client_secret                            = false
    client_secret_retention_period_type             = "SERVER_DEFAULT"
    require_jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_metadata` (Attributes List) The client metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_metadata))
- `dynamic_client_registration` (Attributes) Dynamic client registration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration))

<a id="nestedatt--client_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_metadata`

Required:

- `parameter` (String) The metadata name.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The metadata description. Defaults to an empty string.
- `multi_valued` (Boolean) If the field should allow multiple values. Default value is `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration`

Optional:

- `allow_client_delete` (Boolean) Allow client deletion from dynamic client management. Default value is `false`.
- `allowed_authorization_detail_types` (Set of String) The authorization detail types to allow.
- `allowed_exclusive_scopes` (Set of String) The exclusive scopes to allow.
- `bypass_activation_code_confirmation_override` (Boolean) Indicates if the Activation Code Confirmation page should be bypassed if 'verification_url_complete' is used by the end user to authorize a device. Default value is `false`.
- `ciba_polling_interval` (Number) The minimum amount of time in seconds that the Client must wait between polling requests to the token endpoint. The default is `3` seconds.
- `ciba_require_signed_requests` (Boolean) Determines whether CIBA signed requests are required for this client. Default value is `false`.
- `client_cert_issuer_ref` (Attributes) Client TLS Certificate Issuer DN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--client_cert_issuer_ref))
- `client_cert_issuer_type` (String) Client TLS Certificate Issuer Type. Options are `NONE`, `TRUST_ANY`, `CERTIFICATE`. Defaults to `NONE`.
- `client_secret_retention_period_override` (Number) The length of time in minutes that client secrets will be retained as secondary secrets after secret change. The default value is `0`, which will disable secondary client secret retention. This value will override the `client_secret_retention_period` value on the Authorization Server Settings.
- `client_secret_retention_period_type` (String) Use `OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT` to override the Client Secret Retention Period value on the Authorization Server Settings. `SERVER_DEFAULT` will default to the Client Secret Retention Period value on the Authorization Server Setting. Defaults to `SERVER_DEFAULT`.
- `default_access_token_manager_ref` (Attributes) The default access token manager for this client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--default_access_token_manager_ref))
- `device_flow_setting_type` (String) Allows an administrator to override the Device Authorization Settings set globally for the OAuth AS. Defaults to `SERVER_DEFAULT`. Options are `SERVER_DEFAULT`, `OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT`.
- `device_polling_interval_override` (Number) The amount of time client should wait between polling requests, in seconds.
- `disable_registration_access_tokens` (Boolean) Disable registration access tokens. Local standards may mandate different registration access token requirements. If applicable, implement custom validation and enforcement rules using the DynamicClientRegistrationPlugin interface from the PingFederate SDK, configure the client registration policies (`policy_refs`), and set this property (`disable_registration_access_tokens`) to `true`. CAUTION: When the `disable_registration_access_tokens` property is set to `true`, all clients, not just the ones created using the Dynamic Client Registration protocol, are vulnerable to unrestricted retrievals, updates (including modifications to the client authentication scheme and redirect URIs), and deletes at the /as/clients.oauth2 endpoint unless one or more client registration policies are in place to protect against unauthorized attempts. Default value is `false`.
- `enforce_replay_prevention` (Boolean) Enforce replay prevention. Default value is `false`.
- `initial_access_token_scope` (String) The initial access token to prevent unwanted client registrations.
- `offline_access_require_consent_prompt` (String) Determines whether offline_access requires the prompt parameter value to be set to 'consent' or not. The value will be reset to default if the `require_offline_access_scope_to_issue_refresh_tokens` attribute is set to `SERVER_DEFAULT` or `false`. `SERVER_DEFAULT` is the default value. Options are `SERVER_DEFAULT`, `NO`, `YES`.
- `oidc_policy` (Attributes) Open ID Connect Policy settings. This is included in the message only when OIDC is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--oidc_policy))
- `pending_authorization_timeout_override` (Number) The `device_code` and `user_code` timeout, in seconds.
- `persistent_grant_expiration_time` (Number) The persistent grant expiration time.
- `persistent_grant_expiration_time_unit` (String) The persistent grant expiration time unit. Options are `MINUTES`, `DAYS`, `HOURS`.
- `persistent_grant_expiration_type` (String) Allows an administrator to override the Persistent Grant Lifetime set globally for the OAuth AS. Defaults to `SERVER_DEFAULT`. Options are `INDEFINITE_EXPIRY`, `SERVER_DEFAULT`, `OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT`.
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout` (Number) The persistent grant idle timeout.
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout_time_unit` (String) The persistent grant idle timeout time unit. Options are `MINUTES`, `DAYS`, `HOURS`.
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout_type` (String) Allows an administrator to override the Persistent Grant Idle Timeout set globally for the OAuth AS. Defaults to `SERVER_DEFAULT`. Options are `INDEFINITE_EXPIRY`, `SERVER_DEFAULT`, `OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT`.
- `policy_refs` (Attributes List) The client registration policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--policy_refs))
- `refresh_rolling` (String) Use `ROLL` or `DONT_ROLL` to override the `roll_refresh_token_values` setting on the Authorization Server Settings. `SERVER_DEFAULT` will default to the `roll_refresh_token_values` setting on the Authorization Server Setting screen. Defaults to `SERVER_DEFAULT`.
- `refresh_token_rolling_grace_period` (Number) The grace period that a rolled refresh token remains valid in seconds.
- `refresh_token_rolling_grace_period_type` (String) When set to `OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT`, it overrides the global `refresh_token_grace_period` defined in the Authorization Server Settings. The default value is `SERVER_DEFAULT`
- `refresh_token_rolling_interval` (Number) The minimum interval to roll refresh tokens. This value will override the `refresh_token_rolling_interval` value on the Authorization Server Settings.
- `refresh_token_rolling_interval_time_unit` (String) The refresh token rolling interval time unit. Defaults to `HOURS`. Options are `SECONDS`, `MINUTES`, `HOURS`.
- `refresh_token_rolling_interval_type` (String) Use `OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT` to override the `refresh_token_rolling_interval` value on the Authorization Server Settings. `SERVER_DEFAULT` will default to the `refresh_token_rolling_interval` value on the Authorization Server Setting. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT.
- `request_policy_ref` (Attributes) The CIBA request policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--request_policy_ref))
- `require_jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode` (Boolean) Determines whether JWT Secured authorization response mode is required when initiating an authorization request. The default is `false`.
- `require_offline_access_scope_to_issue_refresh_tokens` (String) Determines whether offline_access scope is required to issue refresh tokens or not. 'SERVER_DEFAULT' is the default value. Options are `SERVER_DEFAULT`, `NO`, `YES`.
- `require_proof_key_for_code_exchange` (Boolean) Determines whether Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) is required for the dynamically created client. Default value is `false`.
- `require_signed_requests` (Boolean) Require signed requests. Default value is `false`.
- `restrict_common_scopes` (Boolean) Restrict common scopes. Default value is `false`.
- `restrict_to_default_access_token_manager` (Boolean) Determines whether the client is restricted to using only its default access token manager. The default is `false`.
- `restricted_common_scopes` (Set of String) The common scopes to restrict.
- `retain_client_secret` (Boolean) Temporarily retain the old client secret on client secret change. Default value is `false`.
- `rotate_client_secret` (Boolean) Rotate registration access token on dynamic client management requests. Default value is `false`.
- `rotate_registration_access_token` (Boolean) Rotate client secret on dynamic client management requests. Default value is `false`.
- `token_exchange_processor_policy_ref` (Attributes) The Token Exchange Processor policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--token_exchange_processor_policy_ref))
- `user_authorization_url_override` (String) The URL is used as `verification_url` and `verification_url_complete` values in a Device Authorization request.

<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--client_cert_issuer_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.client_cert_issuer_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--default_access_token_manager_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.default_access_token_manager_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--oidc_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.oidc_policy`

Optional:

- `id_token_content_encryption_algorithm` (String) The JSON Web Encryption [JWE] content encryption algorithm for the ID Token.<br>AES_128_CBC_HMAC_SHA_256 - Composite AES-CBC-128 HMAC-SHA-256<br>AES_192_CBC_HMAC_SHA_384 - Composite AES-CBC-192 HMAC-SHA-384<br>AES_256_CBC_HMAC_SHA_512 - Composite AES-CBC-256 HMAC-SHA-512<br>AES_128_GCM - AES-GCM-128<br>AES_192_GCM - AES-GCM-192<br>AES_256_GCM - AES-GCM-256
- `id_token_encryption_algorithm` (String) The JSON Web Encryption [JWE] encryption algorithm used to encrypt the content encryption key for the ID Token.<br>DIR - Direct Encryption with symmetric key<br>A128KW - AES-128 Key Wrap<br>A192KW - AES-192 Key Wrap<br>A256KW - AES-256 Key Wrap<br>A128GCMKW - AES-GCM-128 key encryption<br>A192GCMKW - AES-GCM-192 key encryption<br>A256GCMKW - AES-GCM-256 key encryption<br>ECDH_ES - ECDH-ES<br>ECDH_ES_A128KW - ECDH-ES with AES-128 Key Wrap<br>ECDH_ES_A192KW - ECDH-ES with AES-192 Key Wrap<br>ECDH_ES_A256KW - ECDH-ES with AES-256 Key Wrap<br>RSA_OAEP - RSAES OAEP<br>RSA_OAEP_256 - RSAES OAEP using SHA-256 and MGF1 with SHA-256
- `id_token_signing_algorithm` (String) The JSON Web Signature [JWS] algorithm required for the ID Token.<br>NONE - No signing algorithm<br>HS256 - HMAC using SHA-256<br>HS384 - HMAC using SHA-384<br>HS512 - HMAC using SHA-512<br>RS256 - RSA using SHA-256<br>RS384 - RSA using SHA-384<br>RS512 - RSA using SHA-512<br>ES256 - ECDSA using P256 Curve and SHA-256<br>ES384 - ECDSA using P384 Curve and SHA-384<br>ES512 - ECDSA using P521 Curve and SHA-512<br>PS256 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-256 and MGF1 padding with SHA-256<br>PS384 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-384 and MGF1 padding with SHA-384<br>PS512 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-512 and MGF1 padding with SHA-512<br>A null value will represent the default algorithm which is RS256.<br>RSASSA-PSS is only supported with SafeNet Luna, Thales nCipher or Java 11
- `policy_group` (Attributes) The Open ID Connect policy. A null value will represent the default policy group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--oidc_policy--policy_group))

<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--oidc_policy--policy_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.oidc_policy.policy_group`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.



<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--policy_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.policy_refs`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--request_policy_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.request_policy_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_client_registration--token_exchange_processor_policy_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_client_registration.token_exchange_processor_policy_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_oauth_client_settings.oauthClientSettings id
```