---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the OAuth authorization server settings.
---

# pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings (Resource)

Manages the OAuth authorization server settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings" "oauthAuthServerSettings" {
  authorization_code_entropy          = 20
  authorization_code_timeout          = 50
  bypass_activation_code_confirmation = false
  default_scope_description           = "example"
  device_polling_interval             = 1
  pending_authorization_timeout       = 550
  refresh_rolling_interval            = 1
  refresh_token_length                = 40
  registered_authorization_path       = "/example"
  scopes = [
    {
      name        = "examplescope",
      description = "example scope",
      dynamic     = false
    }
  ]
  scope_groups = [
    {
      name        = "examplescopegroup",
      description = "example scope group"
      scopes      = ["examplescope"]
    }
  ]
  exclusive_scopes = [
    {
      name        = "exampleexclusivescope",
      description = "example scope",
      dynamic     = false
    }
  ]
  exclusive_scope_groups = [
    {
      name        = "exampleexclusivescopegroup",
      description = "example exclusive scope group"
      scopes      = ["exampleexclusivescope"]
    }
  ]
  disallow_plain_pkce                      = false
  include_issuer_in_authorization_response = false
  persistent_grant_lifetime                = -1
  persistent_grant_lifetime_unit           = "DAYS"
  persistent_grant_idle_timeout            = 30
  persistent_grant_idle_timeout_time_unit  = "DAYS"
  roll_refresh_token_values                = true
  refresh_token_rolling_grace_period       = 0
  persistent_grant_reuse_grant_types       = []
  persistent_grant_contract = {
    extended_attributes = [
      {
        name = "example_extended_attribute"
      }
    ]
  }
  bypass_authorization_for_approved_grants         = false
  allow_unidentified_client_ro_creds               = false
  allow_unidentified_client_extension_grants       = false
  token_endpoint_base_url                          = ""
  user_authorization_url                           = ""
  activation_code_check_mode                       = "BEFORE_AUTHENTICATION"
  user_authorization_consent_page_setting          = "INTERNAL"
  atm_id_for_oauth_grant_management                = ""
  scope_for_oauth_grant_management                 = ""
  allowed_origins                                  = []
  track_user_sessions_for_logout                   = false
  par_reference_timeout                            = 60
  par_reference_length                             = 24
  par_status                                       = "ENABLED"
  client_secret_retention_period                   = 0
  jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode_lifetime = 600
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorization_code_entropy` (Number) The authorization code entropy, in bytes.
- `authorization_code_timeout` (Number) The authorization code timeout, in seconds.
- `bypass_activation_code_confirmation` (Boolean) Indicates if the Activation Code Confirmation page should be bypassed if 'verification_url_complete' is used by the end user to authorize a device.
- `default_scope_description` (String) The default scope description.
- `device_polling_interval` (Number) The amount of time client should wait between polling requests, in seconds.
- `pending_authorization_timeout` (Number) The 'device_code' and 'user_code' timeout, in seconds.
- `refresh_rolling_interval` (Number) The minimum interval to roll refresh tokens, in hours.
- `refresh_token_length` (Number) The refresh token length in number of characters.
- `registered_authorization_path` (String) The Registered Authorization Path is concatenated to PingFederate base URL to generate 'verification_url' and 'verification_url_complete' values in a Device Authorization request. PingFederate listens to this path if specified

### Optional

- `activation_code_check_mode` (String) Determines whether the user is prompted to enter or confirm the activation code after authenticating or before. The default is AFTER_AUTHENTICATION.
- `admin_web_service_pcv_ref` (Attributes) The password credential validator reference that is used for authenticating access to the OAuth Administrative Web Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_web_service_pcv_ref))
- `allow_unidentified_client_extension_grants` (Boolean) Allow unidentified clients to request extension grants. The default value is false.
- `allow_unidentified_client_ro_creds` (Boolean) Allow unidentified clients to request resource owner password credentials grants. The default value is false.
- `allowed_origins` (List of String) The list of allowed origins.
- `approved_authorization_detail_attribute` (String) Attribute from the external consent adapter's contract, intended for storing approved authorization details returned by the external consent page.
- `approved_scopes_attribute` (String) Attribute from the external consent adapter's contract, intended for storing approved scopes returned by the external consent page.
- `atm_id_for_oauth_grant_management` (String) The ID of the Access Token Manager used for OAuth enabled grant management.
- `bypass_authorization_for_approved_consents` (Boolean) Bypass authorization for previously approved consents. The default value is false. Supported in PF version 12.0 or later.
- `bypass_authorization_for_approved_grants` (Boolean) Bypass authorization for previously approved persistent grants. The default value is false.
- `client_secret_retention_period` (Number) The length of time in minutes that client secrets will be retained as secondary secrets after secret change. The default value is 0, which will disable secondary client secret retention.
- `consent_lifetime_days` (Number) The consent lifetime in days. The default value is indefinite. -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time. Supported in PF version 12.0 or later.
- `disallow_plain_pkce` (Boolean) Determines whether PKCE's 'plain' code challenge method will be disallowed. The default value is false.
- `dpop_proof_enforce_replay_prevention` (Boolean) Determines whether Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) proof JWT replay prevention is enforced. The default value is false. Supported in PF version 11.3 or later.
- `dpop_proof_lifetime_seconds` (Number) The lifetime, in seconds, of the Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) proof JWT. The default value is 120. Supported in PF version 11.3 or later.
- `dpop_proof_require_nonce` (Boolean) Determines whether nonce is required in the Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) proof JWT. The default value is false. Supported in PF version 11.3 or later.
- `exclusive_scope_groups` (Attributes Set) The list of exclusive scope groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclusive_scope_groups))
- `exclusive_scopes` (Attributes Set) The list of exclusive scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclusive_scopes))
- `include_issuer_in_authorization_response` (Boolean) Determines whether the authorization server's issuer value is added to the authorization response or not. The default value is false.
- `jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime, in seconds, of the JWT Secured authorization response. The default value is 600.
- `par_reference_length` (Number) The entropy of pushed authorization request references, in bytes. The default value is 24.
- `par_reference_timeout` (Number) The timeout, in seconds, of the pushed authorization request reference. The default value is 60.
- `par_status` (String) The status of pushed authorization request support. The default value is ENABLED.
- `persistent_grant_contract` (Attributes) The persistent grant contract defines attributes that are associated with OAuth persistent grants. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract))
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout` (Number) The persistent grant idle timeout. The default value is 30 (days). -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time.
- `persistent_grant_idle_timeout_time_unit` (String) The persistent grant idle timeout time unit. The default value is DAYS
- `persistent_grant_lifetime` (Number) The persistent grant lifetime. The default value is indefinite. -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time.
- `persistent_grant_lifetime_unit` (String) The persistent grant lifetime unit.
- `persistent_grant_reuse_grant_types` (Set of String) The grant types that the OAuth AS can reuse rather than creating a new grant for each request. Only 'IMPLICIT' or 'AUTHORIZATION_CODE' or 'RESOURCE_OWNER_CREDENTIALS' are valid grant types.
- `refresh_token_rolling_grace_period` (Number) The grace period that a rolled refresh token remains valid in seconds. The default value is 60.
- `roll_refresh_token_values` (Boolean) The roll refresh token values default policy. The default value is true.
- `scope_for_oauth_grant_management` (String) The OAuth scope to validate when accessing grant management service.
- `scope_groups` (Attributes Set) The list of common scope groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope_groups))
- `scopes` (Attributes Set) The list of common scopes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scopes))
- `token_endpoint_base_url` (String) The token endpoint base URL used to validate the 'aud' claim during Private Key JWT Client Authentication.
- `track_user_sessions_for_logout` (Boolean) Determines whether user sessions are tracked for logout. If this property is not provided on a PUT, the setting is left unchanged.
- `user_authorization_consent_adapter` (String) Adapter ID of the external consent adapter to be used for the consent page user interface.
- `user_authorization_consent_page_setting` (String) User Authorization Consent Page setting to use PingFederate's internal consent page or an external system
- `user_authorization_url` (String) The URL used to generate 'verification_url' and 'verification_url_complete' values in a Device Authorization request

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--admin_web_service_pcv_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_web_service_pcv_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `location` (String) A read-only URL that references the resource. If the resource is not currently URL-accessible, this property will be null.


<a id="nestedatt--exclusive_scope_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclusive_scope_groups`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope group.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope group.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The set of scopes for this scope group.


<a id="nestedatt--exclusive_scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclusive_scopes`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope that appears when the user is prompted for authorization.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope.

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Boolean) True if the scope is dynamic. (Defaults to false)


<a id="nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract`

Optional:

- `extended_attributes` (Attributes Set) A list of additional attributes for the persistent grant contract. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--extended_attributes))

Read-Only:

- `core_attributes` (Attributes Set) This is a read-only list of persistent grant attributes and includes USER_KEY and USER_NAME. Changes to this field will be ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--core_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--extended_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract.extended_attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.


<a id="nestedatt--persistent_grant_contract--core_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `persistent_grant_contract.core_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of this attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--scope_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_groups`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope group.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope group.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The set of scopes for this scope group.


<a id="nestedatt--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scopes`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the scope that appears when the user is prompted for authorization.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope.

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Boolean) True if the scope is dynamic. (Defaults to false)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform
terraform import pingfederate_oauth_auth_server_settings.oauthAuthServerSettings oauthAuthServerSettingsId
```
