---
page_title: "pingfederate_server_settings_logging Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the settings related to server logging.
---

# pingfederate_server_settings_logging (Resource)

Manages the settings related to server logging.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_server_settings_logging" "logSettings" {
  log_categories = [
    {
      id      = "core"
      enabled = true
    },
    {
      id      = "policytree"
      enabled = false
    },
    {
      id      = "trustedcas"
      enabled = false
    },
    {
      id      = "xmlsig"
      enabled = false
    },
    {
      id      = "requestheaders"
      enabled = true
    },
    {
      id      = "requestparams"
      enabled = false
    },
    {
      id      = "restdatastore"
      enabled = false
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `log_categories` (Attributes Set) The log categories defined for the system and whether they are enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_categories))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of this resource.
- `log_categories_all` (Attributes Set) The log categories defined for the system and whether they are enabled. This attribute is read-only and will include any categories returned by PingFederate that were not specified in the normal log_categories attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_categories_all))

<a id="nestedatt--log_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_categories`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether or not the log category is enabled. The default is `false`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the log category. This field must match one of the category IDs defined in log4j-categories.xml.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the log category. This field is read-only.
- `name` (String) The description of the log category. This field is read-only.


<a id="nestedatt--log_categories_all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_categories_all`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the log category.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether or not the log category is enabled.
- `id` (String) The ID of the log category. This field must match one of the category IDs defined in log4j-categories.xml.
- `name` (String) The description of the log category.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_server_settings_logging.logSettings id
```