---
page_title: "pingfederate_server_settings_ws_trust_sts_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage the WS-Trust STS settings.
---

# pingfederate_server_settings_ws_trust_sts_settings (Resource)

Resource to manage the WS-Trust STS settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_server_settings_ws_trust_sts_settings" "wsTrustStstSettings" {
  basic_authn_enabled       = false
  client_cert_authn_enabled = false
  restrict_by_subject_dn    = false
  restrict_by_issuer_cert   = false
  subject_dns               = []
  users                     = []
  issuer_certs              = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `basic_authn_enabled` (Boolean) Require the use of HTTP Basic Authentication to access WS-Trust STS endpoints. Requires users be populated. Default value is `false`.
- `client_cert_authn_enabled` (Boolean) Require the use of Client Cert Authentication to access WS-Trust STS endpoints. Requires either `restrict_by_subject_dn` and/or `restrict_by_issuer_cert` be `true`. Default value is `false`.
- `issuer_certs` (Attributes Set) List of certificate Issuers that are used to validate certificates for access to the WS-Trust STS endpoints. Required if `restrict_by_issuer_cert` is `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issuer_certs))
- `restrict_by_issuer_cert` (Boolean) Restrict Access by Issuer Certificate. Ignored if `client_cert_authn_enabled` is `false`. Default value is `false`.
- `restrict_by_subject_dn` (Boolean) Restrict Access by Subject DN. Ignored if `client_cert_authn_enabled` is `false`. Default value is `false`.
- `subject_dns` (Set of String) List of Subject DNs for certificates that are allowed to authenticate to WS-Trust STS endpoints. Required if `restrict_by_subject_dn` is `true`.
- `users` (Attributes Set) List of users authorized to access WS-Trust STS endpoints when `basic_auth_enabled` is `true`. At least one users entry is required if `basic_auth_enabled` is `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--issuer_certs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issuer_certs`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) User password.
- `username` (String) The username.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_server_settings_ws_trust_sts_settings.wsTrustStstSettings id
```