---
page_title: "pingfederate_session_authentication_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pingfederate_session_authentication_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_session_authentication_policy" "sessionAuthenticationPolicy" {
  policy_id = "PingOneProtect"
  authentication_source = {
    source_ref = {
      id = "PingOneProtect"
    }
    type = "IDP_ADAPTER"
  }
  authn_context_sensitive = false
  enable_sessions         = false
  persistent              = false
  timeout_display_unit    = "MINUTES"
  user_device_type        = "PRIVATE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_source` (Attributes) An authentication source (IdP adapter or IdP connection). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_source))
- `enable_sessions` (Boolean) Determines whether sessions are enabled for the authentication source. This value overrides the enableSessions value from the global authentication session policy.

### Optional

- `authn_context_sensitive` (Boolean) Determines whether the requested authentication context is considered when deciding whether an existing session is valid for a given request. The default is false.
- `idle_timeout_mins` (Number) The idle timeout period, in minutes. If omitted, the value from the global authentication session policy will be used. If set to -1, the idle timeout will be set to the maximum timeout. If a value is provided for this property, a value must also be provided for maxTimeoutMins.
- `max_timeout_mins` (Number) The maximum timeout period, in minutes. If omitted, the value from the global authentication session policy will be used. If set to -1, sessions do not expire. If a value is provided for this property, a value must also be provided for idleTimeoutMins.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Determines whether sessions for the authentication source are persistent. This value overrides the persistentSessions value from the global authentication session policy.This field is ignored if enableSessions is false.
- `policy_id` (String) The persistent, unique ID for the session policy. It can be any combination of [a-z0-9._-]. This property is system-assigned if not specified.
- `timeout_display_unit` (String) The display unit for session timeout periods in the PingFederate administrative console. When the display unit is HOURS or DAYS, the timeout values in minutes must correspond to a whole number value for the specified unit.
- `user_device_type` (String) Determines the type of user device that the authentication session can be created on. If empty, the value will default to PRIVATE.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_source`

Required:

- `source_ref` (Attributes) A reference to a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_source--source_ref))
- `type` (String) The type of this authentication source.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_source--source_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_source.source_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

~> "sessionAuthenticationPolicyId" should be the id of the Session Authentication Policy to be imported

```shell
terraform import pingfederate_session_authentication_policy.sessionAuthenticationPolicy sessionAuthenticationPolicyId
```