---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingfederate_session_authentication_session_policies_global Resource - terraform-provider-pingfederate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the global settings for authentication session policies.
---

# pingfederate_session_authentication_session_policies_global (Resource)

Manages the global settings for authentication session policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingfederate_session_authentication_session_policies_global" "sessionAuthenticationSessionPoliciesGlobalExample" {
  enable_sessions                = true
  persistent_sessions            = false
  hash_unique_user_key_attribute = true
  idle_timeout_mins              = 60
  idle_timeout_display_unit      = "MINUTES"
  max_timeout_mins               = 90
  max_timeout_display_unit       = "MINUTES"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enable_sessions` (Boolean) Determines whether authentication sessions are enabled globally.

### Optional

- `hash_unique_user_key_attribute` (Boolean) Determines whether to hash the value of the unique user key attribute.
- `idle_timeout_display_unit` (String) The display unit for the idle timeout period in the PingFederate administrative console. When the display unit is HOURS or DAYS, the timeout value in minutes must correspond to a whole number value for the specified unit. [ MINUTES, HOURS, DAYS ]
- `idle_timeout_mins` (Number) The idle timeout period, in minutes. If set to -1, the idle timeout will be set to the maximum timeout. The default is 60.
- `max_timeout_display_unit` (String) The display unit for the maximum timeout period in the PingFederate administrative console. When the display unit is HOURS or DAYS, the timeout value in minutes must correspond to a whole number value for the specified unit.
- `max_timeout_mins` (Number) The maximum timeout period, in minutes. If set to -1, sessions do not expire. The default is 480.
- `persistent_sessions` (Boolean) Determines whether authentication sessions are persistent by default. Persistent sessions are linked to a persistent cookie and stored in a data store. This field is ignored if enableSessions is false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder, and required by Terraform
terraform import pingfederate_session_authentication_session_policies_global.sessionAuthenticationSessionPoliciesGlobal sessionAuthenticationSessionPoliciesGlobalId
```
